Thank you.
Today I brought my lovely team along as
well. So most of you have met Rafa,
FS.
who is our solution architect.
We have Archana and Madurin joining us
today. So they are two really,
really good functional
people. So basically, yeah,
they will take us through a lot of the
requirements that you've hopefully
provided.
And then we also have Nic on the call.
So he is a developer who is onshore.
I know later on we'll be bringing some
offshore developer as well.
So we'll have a chance to meet them too.
But for the purpose of this session,
here the people from my team,
and then QUT quick intro or...
Yes,
thank you to everybody to meet KPMG's AT.
The.
We have Aimee Brutton,
so from the HR side on the project,
overviewing the whole project from the
possible undertaking perspective,
but the experts are to my left and on
screen. Rachel,
I'm one of the project officers working
on the project.
I'm primarily focused on the payment.
Side of things, so that's me. Cool,
and I'm Project Officer as well, Katie,
and I kind of I'm seeing the review
mechanism and upload portal.
And finally, I'm Rochelle.
I'm the Data Analytics Project Officer,
so working closely with other teams
within KPMG to get the data to where we
need it to be for now for the portals.
Right.
Right, and the other parts of our team,
we've got Kerry and Quinn and Brad, Brad.
Testing.
Go on, Brad, you doing more working?
What do you want me to do to introduce
them all?
Introduce them all. Fantastic you.
Quick game is a good game.
Who are you people?
How do you speak my language?
All of them.
Okay,
so we've got Kerry who is our architect
from our side from DBS.
We have Quinn who is our BA,
finance BA and also represents operations
for DBS and myself is the project manager.
And I think that's it from my team.
Perfect. All right. And thank you, Cici,
for starting the conversation.
And thank you to everybody from QUT for
all these documents together and KDMG
who've reviewed it so far.
We saw some questions in the documents
that we've tried to answer as we go along.
Yeah, all good. And yeah,
we'll keep going through that document.
That transferred.
My PowerPoint's still not working,
so I'm just going to start sharing from
Oh, good.
the web. Let me know if you can see it.
Yeah, yeah,
so thanks everyone for taking your time,
all three hours today,
Yeah, we can see our screen, Cici.
Yeah, we can.
three hours tomorrow.
big chunk of our time.
We'll try to give us a break today,
probably in the midpoint mark or whenever
there's a break and people are feeling
like we need to get up. And so for today,
I've sort of broken it down.
We've done an introduction.
I want to quickly run through ways of
working just around
how we can collaborate on the Word
document and then later on in Jira as
well.
And then the different checkpoints where
we can have, yeah, review and feedback.
We put together a business process flow.
I know you've put together a lot of
really helpful state diagram already.
So Madhuri just put together a process
flow so that.
And she's going to take us through that
so that we can just have an overview and
cheque that our understanding is actually
matching your understanding from the
get-go. And then today,
then we'll do a deep dive into the review
mechanism and comms and reporting.
And then tomorrow's session,
will then go through the landing and
authentication, document upload,
and the payment details.
And.
and then probably some Q&
A attached to the end if we have time. No,
I know Kerry has sent me an e-mail that
I've responded to,
so I'm wondering if it would be good to
have another session with just the tech.
So Kerry, myself,
and maybe Rafa to talk through the
environment and the tech requirements.
So maybe we can take that out of this.
Session.
Yeah, that's a good idea, Cici.
Yeah, yeah, sounds good.
So a little bit in two ways of working.
I know some of us have seen this a few
times already.
We are currently in the validate phase.
So usually we do vision and validate,
but you have really hopefully put
together all the requirements.
So we're just validating through the
requirements.
And after that,
once we have the finalised requirements,
we can go into construct.
And then after the construct is finished,
then we'll have the user acceptance
testing. And then after the testing,
then we'll have user training.
So that's going to be for both what we
call business users. So yourself,
Amy, Rachel, Katie,
and Rochelle will be using the system,
maybe to log on checking different things,
and then the tech support users as well.
And then after the training,
we'll have the, what we call the go live.
Okay.
So we'll turn on the system and then
we'll start sending out the first round
of emails.
Um...
We're going to focus more on the validate
and construct sections today in terms of
the ways we would like to work. Now,
some of you,
Yeah.
I know Quinn is probably really familiar
with this as well,
but it'll be good to have everyone on the
same page.
For the product.
backlog, I know a smaller project.
I've seen that you've done,
maybe instead of more epic,
you've done a module and then the feature
and the user stories,
how you've structured the requirement.
Is that right, Quinn?
Yes.
Yes, great. So we'll go with that.
And then usually when we get the user
stories,
we like to write tasks against it as well.
So that's more just for our development
team so that they know once they build
something,
they need to do the unit testing,
they need to get a peer reviewed.
And then we have something what we call
the PO review,
which is the product owner review.
So the useful thing with this is
sometimes when you write the requirements,
you can't actually visualise what it will
look like.
So that as we build and the development
team will definitely have questions to
ask, like, Amy,
when you say the payment needs to look
like this,
screenshot,
is this what you were thinking?
So it would be a really helpful way for
us to collaborate across JIRA as we are
Yeah.
working through the different stories.
And then while this is happening,
we actually bring on our system testers
as well,
who will be writing out the test plan,
test suite and the test cases against
each of the requirements.
So the test cases will be written against
the acceptance criteria that you have
already written.
And as we build each user story,
our tester will be testing each user
story as well.
Right.
So that's more on the requirements level
of testing.
And these will be done before your user
acceptance testing.
So that once the system actually comes to
user acceptance testing,
Right.
it's more of a sanity cheque of, okay,
this is actually what I wanted. And yeah,
so that's how we normally do the product
backlog structure.
We normally like to use DevOps.
Now I understand.
Okay.
You have Jira in mind?
That's cool as well.
We'll put into JIRA after I think these
sessions and it'll be helpful if you can
then give us access.
I'll send you through a list of people
who need access to JIRA so that we can
Yeah.
start creating these tasks and test cases.
Yeah.
Um...
This is an example of a user story.
Everything we already have,
the only thing I wanted to call out are
design notes and assumptions.
So this is something that we would write,
and I understand that's not in the Word
document yet. So my question is,
would you like us to start writing this?
on the Word document and when you put
them into Jira, you also import it.
Yes, please.
Or yes, okay. We'll start writing these.
Yeah, that'd be great.
I can, if you put them in,
I just have to make sure that those two
actually import their standard, isn't it?
There is the sign notes fail in Jira and
Yeah.
assumptions fail.
Yeah,
I think you can also create a field if
it's not standard or read there.
Yeah, I double checked. Yeah,
you should put them there anyway.
We're going to need them, but yeah,
normally I just to what we have,
Yeah.
it just comes in under the description,
but we will put them in there anyway.
Yeah, great, thanks.
And we will probably create a few tech
user stories as well,
so Kerry and myself can track the
progress on these,
such as environment creation,
security roles.
But we'll have a chat later and let you
know.
And then, product owner.
Can I assume Queen is the product owner
or is everyone chipping to...
So the role of the product owner is
usually the point in contact that we can
ask all the questions to and the product
owner can be like, yes, that's right,
approved.
You want that to be me?
I think it should be you. Yeah.
Okay.
I think everything should... Yeah.
Yeah, it should be renae.
Yeah, great. So...
Yes.
We will have a we will have a business
analyst that will take over and he will
be supporting Amy really closely, so.
Yeah.
You can treat the programmer as a
technical person because Aimee will be
fully supported.
So even if it's a technical question that
Yeah.
Mm.
requires approval,
she will have us and the BA to ensure
Yeah.
that the question is in the correct
context for when she makes it,
gives an approval or provides any
feedback.
Yeah, great.
So direct all questions to Amy. Got it.
Thank you.
Yep.
And then just a more detailed view of
vision and validation.
So we've done the vision.
So I believe we're currently more in this
phase of you have given us the
requirements.
We are reviewing it and we're going to
refine it. And after we refine,
we'll then hand it back to you for the
final approval and say that's ready to go.
and we can start building. Yeah.
And part of what we do in this phase is
Correct.
Mhm.
Yeah.
also we do an estimation of the efforts.
So this is the magical Fibonacci number
estimation,
where we look at a user story and just
Yeah.
say,
how much effort do we think this will
take? And that's usually based on.
the volume, so how much is there to build,
the complexity of how difficult it is to
build this,
knowledge what we know and uncertainty
what's not known yet.
The hope is so that these two can be
resolved as we refine it,
so that it's just on the volume and the
complexity and
I've, my team and myself,
we've gone through the requirements in a
prelim way to come up with the estimate
of efforts and therefore the build cost.
Yeah.
So that cost is based on this.
So I hope it's after this we can have a
Correct.
really refined.
Yes, Brad has a question.
I just wanted to check,
is this a fixed price?
Build or is it being run as time and
materials?
The David question.
I believe it's time materials to give
that flexibility,
Dunn.
but we do have in mind what we previously
quoted.
So I think if it's very similar framework,
we don't expect to exceed that estimate.
Aimee,
is the intent when the contracts get put
Yep.
together that it would be a fixed price?
I think we were going the up to the time
and resources one.
Okay.
We can talk about that one, yeah,
when we put the contract together.
OK.
Yeah, thanks, Brennan, for the question.
Yeah,
so that we can give a more definitive
guideline on the cost of the next phase,
which is the construct. Next one.
So the actual construct phase,
we'll run this through again when we get
to construct.
But for our responsibility,
we are going to do the design,
the development and the system testing,
and then we'll hand it over to QUT to
conduct the user acceptance testing.
And anything we find out in the user
acceptance testing,
KPMG will be there to triage the findings.
So is it a critical first level,
second level bug, or is it cosmetic?
Is it a spelling mistake?
The hope is we can resolve all the bugs
before the release.
But if there are more bugs than
anticipated and the release is coming up,
we can then
prioritise what needs to be fixed
definitely before go live and what can be
waited or what are some workarounds.
We can have this discussion when we get
to UAT.
What I want to call out just right now is
we probably will need to know who,
when UAT is and
how many people will be available for the
time that needs to execute those test
cases during those times.
I think as soon as we've got the contract
fully ironed out, Cici,
we absolutely put that timeline together
and have a strong idea of when UAT will
be and who the different resources are.
But from our team's perspective, yeah,
then we've got we've got our team is
available to do all of that,
Yeah.
so be working through.
How many other people are needed for that?
Awesome. And then from our team, Madura,
Nic and myself,
so the onshore people will be support
from here onwards.
So the offshore resources will mostly be
in the development and test phase. Yeah.
Okay.
Now moving on to the next bit,
the second last slide of my section,
this is something what we call the entry
and exit criteria.
So I just want to bring our attention to
here. So we are probably in these,
in the refine and approve state right now.
Yeah.
I think once we commit everything into
Jira, we'll say it's ready to go. Maduri,
something to call it.
No, I think Quinn has a question.
Quinn has a question.
I know.
Just waving your hands a little bit Quinn.
Okay.
Wise.
Yeah.
It's a real hand, not a digital hand.
Crazy. They really didn't do that anymore.
No, I'm fine. No question. No,
I have no question. Sorry.
Quinn found I am your buddy.
Ohh, okay.
I was just sitting like that. Sorry.
Thank you, Marija.
A real hand. Yeah.
So what KPMG will do is at the end of
You.
this,
once we've taken all the notes and asked
all the questions,
we'll add these onto the word with
tracking on.
and tag Aimee.
Yep.
Yep,
and once all of these can be resolved,
Yep.
and then we've written our design notes
and everything against the requirements
in Word, and everything's approved,
then Quinn will put everything into Jira
and give us access.
Yep.
Awesome. Cool.
We need access to Word document from
Mm.
Maduri and Nic.
Yeah, we'll do that.
Yeah.
Yeah, great.
And then in terms of the environment,
I think that was to answer one of Kerry's
questions. So in the KPMG tenant,
we have what we call the base product.
So that's the payment form that we've
already demonstrated to you.
We'll bring that into the QUT tenant once
you have the development environment set
up.
and then we'll do our construct in the
development environment.
And since it's a short project and only
one sprint,
we will only have one test environment.
So how it's going to work is we'll do our
development, we'll bring to test,
our tester will test.
Once that's all completed,
we will then bring you into test
environment to do the user acceptance
testing.
And then once that's all completed,
it then goes to production.
Normally we have test and UAT separate,
but mindful of the cost and also mindful
that it's only one sprint,
we can probably do it in the same
environment. Are we all happy with that?
I think so, for DPS.
Please go question, No.
Mhm.
No, come again. So,
you're saying everything in one
environment? The which part?
The test,
so we'll do our testing and then because
there's only one sprint,
so we're not going to push anything
through after we've done our testing.
We'll bring you in for UAT in the same
Yeah.
environment.
Ah yes,
so you're doing unit testing and UIT on
the same sort of, yeah,
that should be okay.
Yeah, correct.
Yeah, should be fine there. Yeah,
otherwise it will,
you will need to create another
environment. Cool.
What are the risks?
Is there any risks with that, Cici? Like,
Yeah, that's my...
is that something, like you say,
it's not something that's typically done.
Is it just because of a workload
management thing? Like,
So usually we have like multiple sprints,
so we'll build, let's say,
the review mechanism, pushing to test,
our test is testing, and then that's done,
And then.
then that goes into UAT.
And then the next one, then we build,
Ben.
Mhm.
go into test.
So there is an overlapping test,
Mm.
whereas this time,
because we're building everything at once,
So there is an overlap of work in tests.
Okay.
But if you have a column in Jira,
in Jira you should have a column that's
And it.
unit test and another one for UIT.
So the transition is still clear,
you know what I mean?
The transition is still clear, yeah.
Yeah, great.
Basically,
so a card can be in unit testing and then
pushing to UIT and it can be sent back
from UIT to unit testing or to whatever
they need to. That way,
that way we know where we are,
That's right.
even though we're all using the same
environment,
we're tracking them in intermediate pools.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Awesome.
I will hand over to Madura then and she's
going to take us through the process for.
Thank you, Cici. Hello, everyone. So,
first of all,
Yep.
thank you for making the time today. So,
my aim is to aim of this session is to
sanity cheque the review mechanism and
admin user user stories to make sure that
they're genuinely reflecting how things
need to work in real life.
We won't be discussing any redesigning
aspect or detailed solution in this
Thank you.
session. Instead,
we will walk through the stories and will
all of us collectively ask questions like,
is the intention of the user story
correct?
Are there any missing scenarios or edge
cases we need to account for as well?
As well as,
is the user story reflecting the
day-to-day workable operations and audit
perspectives as well?
Is it covering all that aspects?
Now,
if while we go through the user story,
if something feels something feels
unclear,
we will capture it and move on to the
next user story instead of resolving
those questions live,
because we will have enough time to,
you know,
do a follow up and think through the.
Questions that came up in the session now.
Okay, cool.
Lauri.
No, that's good. Oh, just agreeing. Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
So the ultimate goal here is to
Quinn.
confidently move on with the user story
and see that if this user story is fit
for build,
as well as is it clear enough as well for
the developers to understand and build
the user stories.
So that's about how we're going to run
the session today.
But before I jump into the user story,
I also want to walk you through the
business process flow that I've developed,
just to do the level set,
so that our KPMG's understanding.
entire end-to-end process.
So that's the process you see here on the
screen.
So what I have done is I have gone
through all the requirement that's been
provided by QUT and I have divided those
user stories into 3 sub-processes.
First process is staff intake and
document submission.
The second one is review mechanism.
Obviously,
review mechanism is an exhaustive process.
It's a big process.
So that in itself can be an independent
sub-process.
And the last one is payment execution and
reporting,
which is nothing but the payment detail
process or the
user story or epic that you've provided.
So let's start with the first process
that is staff intake and document
submission.
I hope all of you can see my screen at
this point of time.
Okay, so...
Just the first process that staff intake
and document submission at a high level.
This is really about giving staff a
secure,
structured way to enter CER programme and
provide the evidence needed for the
initial assessment.
purpose point of view,
it combines authentication, eligibility,
document submission into a single intake
experience.
It is obviously staff initiated,
as you can see from the screen,
Yeah.
and cohort based as well,
and there is a time bound aspect embedded
into it.
And once the document is submitted,
the window will get closed and
FS.
information is locked for future
assessment.
So that's the high level summary of this
process. And also from a process wise,
it's a front loaded one and controlled by
the system.
The goal is not to make a decision.
in this stage.
It's making sure that we are collecting
all the right information so that the
right people at the right time can review
it and also the information that's
captured here is auditable as well.
So that's the process wise,
that's the understanding of the process.
That's what we want this process to be.
reflect. So now,
according to the user story that's
provided,
we have 3 personas interacting in this
process, former or current staff member,
system and KPMG SSL. Now,
the process begins with the
staff member who's going to initiate the
CER and then that person is going to
access portal, enter the e-mail,
date of birth,
and request for authentication.
So once the authentication request is
submitted,
system will then come into picture,
which then validates the e-mail and date
of birth.
Okay.
validates the verification code as well.
And once the authentication is successful,
then it resolves the staff associated
cohort,
as well as resolves the CER stage as well
as per the cohort.
If the authentication is unsuccessful,
then I think the staff has to
re-authenticate themselves,
which is going to be the same set of
three steps.
Process now, once the...
Module is enabled and determined,
then the staff will be able to view the
authorised model.
They will be able to select the cohort
context,
upload the necessary supporting document,
and submit the documentation. Then,
once the documentation is submitted,
system will be able to...
validate those documents. Well,
when I say validate,
there are three different things that
happens,
even though I've encapsulated everything
into one box. So they do the check,
the type of the document,
size of the document. Also,
there will be a virus cheque as well.
Once all of this gets passed,
Thanks, bye.
then the system will store and link the
document into.
a particular staff cohort which is
identified in the previous step.
Then it also does the time stamping as
well as it marks the status as not
Yeah.
retrieved.
That's because the next SSL is going to
retrieve the file until it's retrieved.
It will be it will stay in that status.
Once that's done, yes, sorry.
Maduri, Maduri,
can I just stop you right there?
I noticed this morning we were reading
through one of Cici's notes and she's
Yeah, Rachel.
just updated,
which I actually think is better,
where the status at that stage is
submitted, not,
and then it changes to exported.
Yeah.
Wonderful. So, uh,
what do you want me to call this?
Sorry.
Just as submitted,
so not not it's submitted and then it
Submitted.
changes to exported, yeah.
Yeah, that.
I just think it's a bit clearer.
Correct, yeah, yeah.
So when you said not retrieved,
it raises questions as to who is
retrieving it, etc.
But submitted is pretty clear that it's
been submitted by the member. Yeah,
Yeah, yeah.
that's a good caller. Thanks.
Yeah.
Now, once it's submitted,
KPMG SSR will be able to retrieve the
supporting document, review it,
and perform the CER assessment. Now,
once that's done,
they also do a cheque called is under
payment identified.
And I think Amy and Rachel,
this is where I might need your input. So
If in both cases, either it's yes or no,
underpayment is identified or not
Mm.
identified,
it still leads to the record initial CER
outcome, right? So what's the,
once they make this decision,
what should be the outcome of it?
So what if it is under payment is not
identified? What if it's a no?
So if there's no,
the terminology we're using at the moment
is telling people that if a underpayment
is identified,
then we would send them an outcome.
So there's no underpayment identified,
Hmm.
we were not going to send them any
outcome. So for the system purpose,
they do need an outcome recorded in the
system.
Yeah.
It doesn't translate into a communication.
That's something that Amy has been
necessarily brought into,
but we acknowledged from a system
perspective that there needed to be a
decision made.
It's just if the decision is
unfortunately no outcome,
Mm.
there's no correspondence. Yeah,
but they would still be able to access
that review mechanism later.
So if they're included in the CER,
Ohh.
whether or not an outcome was identified,
whether or not an underpayment was
identified,
they still have access to that review
mechanism.
So, if...
So it just has to be at the point where
their cohort has been reviewed and we
So,
what we're capturing here is that that...
Current, so...
know that there is, yeah, sorry Quinn.
Sorry, Ania,
what you're trying to capture here is
like,
yes or no underpayment as an attribute
does not determine whether or not you go
into the review mechanism.
You go into the review mechanism whether
you are positive or negative.
All right,
what we're capturing is the fact that you
Okay. Okay.
were assessed.
you were assessed, positive or negative,
you will go into the next step and we
need to capture that you were assessed.
Whether or not it was positive or
negative has other rules,
but for the purposes of what you are
capturing here is yes,
you are recording the initial outcome,
whichever that is.
Okay,
then I think the process flow is accurate,
Yeah.
right?
So irrespective of what's the outcome is,
it goes to the system where it records
the initial CER outcome and it also
Yes.
I think.
issues the correspondence.
So in this case, even if it's no,
Yeah.
does it issue a correspondence that it's
a no? Okay.
No.
So I think you've done it.
I think I like how you've written records
initial outcome,
because that's important from a system
Yeah.
perspective.
But then I think perhaps the adjoining
line is its own,
like it only happens if there is a
underpayment. So if underpayment,
then issue outcome correspondence,
then resolve.
Okay.
Okay, yeah, cool.
When you're saying that the issue outcome
correspondence,
according to your diagram here,
you're assuming that that's going to
happen by this portal.
Yeah,
I think we had initially planned for it
to come out of the portal.
Yeah, so if we're doing that,
the requirements at the moment as we have
them, they don't have that in there.
We have to ask KPMG does the assessment
and since the outcome from wherever they
have it.
If we're going to bring it into the
portal, Cici,
just think about it from that point of
view,
if we're going to get the outcome from
the
for the SER assessment that KPMG found,
if we're going to send that outcome to
Yeah.
each individual person from the portal,
we're going to have to have an attachment,
I think with David we discussed perhaps,
that has all the detail personalised for
that staff member.
Is that the same?
Yeah, I haven't created.
and send the e-mail that's generic.
So for that,
I must see what you're going to have to
build something to hold all those
attachments, hold the emails,
and manage them.
That's why we left them out to be sent
directly.
Yeah.
Yeah, I have put the...
The requirements for that are in document
5, I think, for in the requirements.
Mhm.
Oh, in the columns,
is that the same communication as what
they would receive to start the payment
and review mechanism?
No.
Yeah, yes, yes.
Oh, well, yeah,
it will be attached in there. Sorry,
it will be if you start the review
mechanism, we'll have it there.
Thank you.
But my specific idea is to make sure that
we take into account that we,
if we're sending the outcome of your
review to staff members,
each outcome will have different fields,
different criteria that you found.
generated the payment. So in the past,
we said that that becomes really complex
to have to have that such level of
customization for each e-mail,
depending on the outcome that you found.
We said at the time that perhaps we could
Mm.
put that in an attachment that goes with
the e-mail. So the e-mail says, yeah,
you got your outcome positive,
attached are the details.
Still to do that,
you're going to have to save those
attachments in the portal that we just
created.
You're going to have to save all that
stuff. So in my initial proposal,
I was saying,
if you already have that outcome,
if you already did it in another system
and it's easier for you to shoot directly
from there the outcome,
all we need in this system is to
acknowledge that you did it. So
You send the outcome correspondence and
you just need to tell the system that you
did that. But again,
that can be evaluated by you,
Okay.
depends on effort and what do you feel is
going to be more complex and more visible
to QUT,
because if HR can see that outcome in
your other system,
I think it could be a fair bit of effort
for you to create the structure to hold
the outcomes.
The attachments and to identify who who
goes with with every time.
Yeah, yeah. A few questions. So firstly,
is that different for prelim outcomes and
outcome outcomes?
Or are we not doing prelim outcomes?
They will be,
we're still working that out,
No, there's a preliminary open there.
aren't we Amy? Oh,
we are still considering that as a
possibility.
It won't be quite a preliminary outcome.
I think we've got different wording
around it.
It would be an initial findings and it's
just for some of the cohorts.
Initial findings.
So it would just be the professional
ongoing and fixed term cohort.
So I think that's three,
Four and two, four and five. Three,
4 and five. Yeah,
we're just trying to work, then we, yeah.
But it would be a similar correspondence.
Yeah,
there would be some some differences
though,
and then that correspondence again will
be similar if people go through the
review mechanism and then they have an
outcome again through there.
Yeah,
so when do they receive the initial
Des.
outcome, initial findings?
Is that before they upload documents?
Sonali.
So that...
Sorry.
It would be after that.
No, no, no. The initial outcome is when...
Oh.
It goes to the KPMG SSR and they perform
the assessment.
Thank you.
Yes.
And then also they identify whether the
underpayment is identified or not.
Kurt.
Mm.
And that's the initial outcome that is
logged into the system.
And then if there is an underpayment
identified,
Yes.
then only they send the outcome
correspondence to the member.
Otherwise,
there won't be any communication.
Yes, Majuri,
I really like how you've done that,
the diamond in the middle.
That makes really, that's good,
that makes sense.
This one, yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Pay.
Yeah,
and that's the same e-mail they will
Cool.
And.
receive to say you need to come to here
to fill out your payment details or raise
a review mechanism. Is that correct? Yes.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yep.
Then we've already considered that.
And.
as part of the efforts in the payment
details portal.
Yes.
So, yeah. Okay.
Are there two for those who have an
Yeah.
Nothing.
initial outcome and the final outcome?
I.
I love how switched on you are, Cici.
Can we park that one for now?
Mm.
But...
Let's focus on just the straight outcome.
Yeah,
because we're not sure if that's going to
happen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, all right, easy part.
Let's do the easy part first.
And it's also not needed for cohort one.
So the process is trying to build at
least to get out to current and former
staff through cohort one.
Pay.
Yeah.
It's just to cheque the details of the
outcome.
Okay.
Is that being assembled by the portal or
is it an attachment that needs to be
picked up? I think that was Quinn sort of.
That depends on you guys and what would
be the best approach really.
Okay.
So if it can be in an e-mail grant,
it's just that it's quite complex in the,
because it will have to have the
different.
That's one of the things we talked about.
Yeah,
the different entitlements relevant to
that particular staff member and they
will be different per cohort.
and then the outcome amount.
There will just be some personalised
Mhm.
information.
So it might be quite complicated to put
it in an e-mail.
It might need to be an attachment.
Okay.
So we're happy to take advice from you on
what would be best. Yeah. Thanks.
Yeah.
And and if that's sort of a slab of text,
standard text for a particular
Exactly.
entitlement,
and then the number beneath the text.
So the text itself could potentially be
static,
and then there will be a table of the
number,
The.
something like that design that you're
thinking. Yeah, okay.
Yes, yeah. Yeah, we've got some,
we've got a standard template letter.
Prenesh was just showing us a table that
he'd done for another review that they'd
Yeah.
done as an attachment versus I think we
had,
we were considering if you can put it all
into the just the one letter.
So we were open to options there.
Okay, all right.
Who's preparing this letter if we are
going?
Oh.
We will draught the letter,
but we need input from, well,
PDF.
Prenesh team has the data.
Yeah, okay.
Okay,
do we have any further question on this
process? To me, it's pretty clear. If not,
then I'll move on to the next second
process. Are we good with it? Yes, yeah,
yeah, of course.
We'll do a deep dive of this tomorrow.
Yes, I think.
When we go to the user story, the level,
we'll definitely do a deep dive,
I think that's good, yeah.
but this is the high level process.
All good. If we are good with it,
let's move on to the next process.
Yeah.
That's review mechanism.
That's the second process.
So obviously this review mechanism only
comes into play after an initial CER
outcome has been issued and only when the
staff member is dissatisfied with that
Yes.
outcome.
So the intent here is to provide a formal,
auditable,
Yes.
case-based way for staff to challenge the
outcome. Obviously,
Yes.
it's not an informal process.
It's not an automatically triggered
process. It is a thoroughly,
clearly defined review process.
And each review request is treated as its
own case with a definitive end state
Yes.
review
mechanism itself doesn't handle the
payment,
so it simply determines whether the
outcome stands or whether an underpayment
is confirmed and payment can be processed.
So that's the end objective of this
review mechanism,
if I have summarised it correctly. Okay.
Beautiful.
Cool. Now,
let's have a look at the actors first.
So we have 4 actors performing this,
interacting in this particular process.
Obviously,
the former or current staff member system,
KPMG SSR, as well as the QUT HR as well.
Now, the...
Yeah.
starting point is always through the
former or current staff member who is
going to first of all authenticate
himself or herself and then do the review
of the CER outcome that happened in the
previous process.
If they're dissatisfied with the process,
then they will do the,
they will select a review mechanism.
they enter the review justification and
then they will upload the evidence and
then they submit the review.
What if it's a no?
If they're not satisfied,
that means they have accepted the outcome
Um...
and then irrespective of what happens,
it has to proceed to the payment process
because that's where everything gets
resolved.
If they're not dissatisfied,
that means they're satisfied. Still,
the end state comes in the payment
process.
That's why I have added that subprocess
here before the end state.
Okay.
Now let's look at the...
And I, sorry, can I pause there?
I don't think.
Yeah.
Yes, yes, yes.
And we sort of said that once there's an
outcome, we need to pay that outcome.
And then if they wish to review,
we would review and that could mean
another payment.
So there's still that payment process.
Yeah,
so we would still want their payment
details and it's only for former staff
that we need the payment details.
I'm just thinking, see that the no,
and then it says payment process.
Yeah, yeah,
so we'd want the payment details
regardless of whether or not they submit
a review. I mean,
I think I think Maduri is just explaining
that if they don't want to review, yeah,
it just goes to payment at the end.
It just goes straight into five.
Does it pay automatically even if they do
hit review? Yeah,
so we still want it to go through.
through to the payment.
So, everyone...
We don't want it to be separate line.
Yes,
that's the reason in the state diagram we
have a straight line.
So I didn't capture that variation
because we will pay you what we think we
owe you.
We're not waiting for you to accept it
before you go into review mechanism.
Okay.
Yeah.
We pay you what we think we owe you and
if on the top of that you want to dispute
it, you start that process.
So it's just one line.
So they would get two payments
effectively if and if a further
underpayment was identified. Yeah,
that's good language.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay,
so we are happy with the way it's
represented here, right?
Mm.
We just need like an extra line.
So if it's yes,
it needs to go to the review mechanism
and the payment process.
Hmm.
So, that, or she just asked like...
So everyone will need to fill out the
payment details.
All former staff will need to fill out
the payment.
So anyone identified with an underpayment
who is a former staff member will need to
Yeah.
Mm.
fill out their payment details.
And then if they would like to submit a
review mechanism request,
they would do that afterwards.
So maybe it's actually that the
The flow goes from authenticate and
review goes straight through to outcome,
to the payment process,
and then from there they have a after
that they have dissatisfied with outcome,
and if yes,
then it goes to review mechanism.
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
So this payment process should be here.
Okay, okay, good.
Yeah.
Pay.
Yes, yeah.
Yes, yes, yeah, I think so.
OK, cool, good. OK, that's a good caller.
Let me just move that.
And then in that case,
what happens if they're satisfied with
the outcome? They're accepting it.
It's just end end there. OK, cool.
It's just end. Yeah,
and they just don't need to take any
further action.
But the review mechanism will remain open
for them if they come back later during
the CER and decide that they do have more
information they want to submit.
Perfect, yeah. Makes sense.
Kurt.
Perfect.
So, question, more on the UI,
UX side of things,
do you want to automatically let everyone
go through payment process 1st and then
only enable the review module after they
filled out their payment details already?
I hadn't thought of it like that,
but that could work.
What are your thoughts on that, Amy?
I think when I thought of it,
I thought there would just be two kind of
almost boxes that they select from and
they select payment details and review
mechanism,
but perhaps we do have it so they submit
their details first. Again,
this would only be former staff.
So if it's a current staff member,
they wouldn't have that payment
information.
They would just have a review mechanism.
Mhm.
Yeah,
because I'm just thinking you want to
Jake.
avoid where a person is not happy with
the outcome,
so they just submit a review mechanism
and you're like, oh,
Yeah, yeah, so maybe after. Yeah,
it's a good idea.
we still need to pay you.
Because that also starts the timer. Yeah.
Which one, the review mechanism? Yeah,
so as soon as I do it, but we...
I'm just trying to think the way that the
EU is written.
Everybody should have access to the
review mechanism and everybody has to be
paid within X number of days once we've
identified the payment.
Also, they still need access to it.
So not sure we can delay access to the
review mechanism if they know they've got
Okay. Okay.
an outcome,
but they want to somehow challenge it.
Yeah.
Yeah,
do we need a text then to inform them
The other one just...
that you should also fill out a payment
details so that we can pay you?
The letter, yes, the letter will say,
please now fill out your payment details
so we can make this payment.
I don't think there's a harm in putting
it in the form as well.
Is that what you're saying, Cici? Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
just to make it clear that they need to
Yeah, I think, yeah, yeah,
I think that's good, yeah,
fill both.
and then we still have it as two
different options to select from, yeah,
Yeah,
because there's a timer between them
yeah.
receiving it to when you have to pay it
and then review mechanism will start a
different timer for the next pay. Yeah,
because we don't want to be following
Yeah, correct. Yeah.
them up that they haven't filled out
their details for the first payment.
Correct.
Okay.
Okay, thanks, Cici.
So I have moved this process here.
So once they authenticate and they review
the CER outcome,
Yeah.
then they have to transition into payment
process wherein they provide their
payment details, tax details,
superannuation detail, etc.
We'll get into that process later.
That's the third process that I'm going
Yeah.
to walk you through.
So then they obviously they're gonna if
they're dissatisfied,
they're gonna say yes,
and then they will enter all the details
like upload evidence, enter justification,
etc.,
and then they submit the review request.
Once it's submitted,
system's gonna create a review request
case, generate a review reference number.
link the review case to the original CER
outcome. Is it too small?
Let me just make it a bit bigger. Yeah,
okay.
Oh yeah, that's great. Thank you.
Then once it's linked to the original CER
outcome,
system will automatically set the review
status as in progress.
Then it assigns it to the KPMG SSR to
review and send a notification to the SSR
Yep.
as well.
Then comes the SSR's process or swim lane
wherein SSR will review the original CER
outcome. He will also review,
he or she will also review the staff
justification.
Additional evidences will be reviewed by
the KPMG SSL,
and then if the information is
insufficient,
SSL is going to request for additional
information,
which then which will then system will
trigger a notification that it required
they required some additional information.
Then the staff member will view the
information request,
upload the required information or
documents, and again,
resubmit the request. Now that, okay,
here is where I want your input.
Let me finish the two more boxes,
and then I'll ask my question.
So what if there is sufficient
information provided in the original case?
then it immediately goes to the HR
advisor required. And if yes,
it goes to the QUT HR.
No, the question is, if the...
No, hold on.
Right, we'll just like finish first,
finish first, we'll do it.
One second.
Yep, sorry.
Okay, so the question is here,
after providing additional information
and submitting the request,
does it directly go to the HR, QUT HR,
or it should go,
it will go to the KPMG SSL to decide
whether the HR advice is required?
Yeah, so the KPMG assessor.
Yeah, okay.
And what happens if the HR advice is not
The Design service required, yeah.
required?
Wonderful. Then it just.
Oh, it always leads HR advice, is it?
Yeah,
the outcome is determined by the assessor.
On.
So, it would just...
So there is no decision box.
Yeah.
But...
The.
But...
The question is,
can KPMG resolve the question?
We're wondering if the initial part is
mostly about the calculation and maybe,
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
yeah,
the KPMG can work with the next team.
Maybe the decisions is around whether or
not it can be determined.
So can it be determined? So and if it can,
I think a lot of them could potentially
Yeah.
be determined because the nature of the
review is outside of the scope of what I
Mm.
imagine a lot of the queries are people
raising concerns about things that are
Yes.
not part of the CER or part of another.
Cohort in the CEI,
in which case a standard response can be
provided and it can be determined without
escalation, so...
Yeah.
So that's how we had it in the state
diagram for that reason.
The decision point in the state diagram
is QUT HR advise required? Yes or no?
If it's no,
that means that you complete the
assessment.
With K.P.
and the completes the assessment and this
determines what everyone is, you know.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, so if it's a no,
it directly goes to the record final
review outcome.
If it's in if no additional revise advice
is required, it goes to where did you say?
Record final review outcome to the system
wherein it records a final review outcome
and then it sends a notification to the
staff member. Updates the status, notify,
Yes.
right? Okay.
Yes, yeah.
But I think that's a very edge case.
It usually goes through the QUT HR.
That's what I sensed with the reaction I
got with that question. That's okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll just put that line then and.
Okay, so if the HR advice is not required,
it goes to the system wherein a system
will record the final review outcome,
updates the status and then notifies the
Pay.
staff about the final outcome,
which then will be received by the staff
and that's the end of process.
What if there is a HR advice required?
In that case,
QUT HR will review the escalated case
conducts the HR investigation,
provides the advice,
then system will record the final outcome,
updates the review status,
notify the staff of final outcome. Yeah.
I think it will go back to KPMG.
So it will go back to that review
additional evidence box in KPMG.
Because they would still need to review
the information we've provided and then
work out the calculations based on that.
Ohh.
Yes, so it doesn't come from us. So yeah,
we won't send.
Mm.
So none of the communications come
directly from HR. There was.
Okay.
We're just providing advice to KPMG.
Understood.
Yep.
So it will go to the additional review,
additional evidence box from HR.
Yeah.
Oh no, sorry. So it goes from HR advice,
yes, and then that arrow follows around,
and then the one that goes from provide
HR advice,
that arrow will then go to the review
additional evidence,
which is just before the sufficient
information question mark box,
the diamond. Oh, okay. Yeah,
where Raf is pointing.
Oh, okay, okay.
Mm.
OK, it should go here.
The HR advice should go to the OK, OK,
Yes.
got it, got it.
Yeah, yeah.
Mr. Sonali.
Yeah. Thanks, Ruth.
Yeah, that.
Thanks so far.
Uh, yeah.
I think this is pretty clear now.
Shall I do another quick walkthrough of
the whole process because it shuffled a
bit. Yeah.
Sure, yeah, yeah, that's Brennan.
Thank you.
So the starting point is where staff is
going to authenticate and review the CER
outcome.
They go through the payment process,
then they'll say,
I'm dissatisfied with the outcome.
If they are satisfied,
that's the end of the process.
Let's go through the path where they are
dissatisfied,
deselect the review mechanism,
enter the review justification,
upload additional evidence,
submit the request.
Then system is going to create a new case
request, generate review reference,
link to the original CER outcome.
And it sets the status as in progress,
assigns it to the KPMG SSR for review and
also sends a notification.
Now the KPMG SSR is going to review the
original CER outcome,
review staff justification,
additional evidence as well.
And then if this information is
insufficient,
they're going to request the additional
information.
wherein staff is going to view
information requested, upload and submit.
Once they submit,
again it goes back to the SSL where
they're going to review the additional
evidence provided.
Then if it is sufficient,
they also assess whether the HR advisor
is required. If yes, then HR is going to,
it goes to the HR.
QUT HR is going to review the escalated
case, conduct HR investigation,
provide HR advice, and then again,
it goes back to the KPMDSSL,
where they're going to review the
information provided by the or assessment
provided by the QUT HR. Then.
There is no sufficient,
they have sufficient information,
they don't need any further HR advice.
Then that goes to the original record
FS.
final review outcome.
Update the status system is going to
update the review status.
It also sends a notification about the
final outcome to the staff member,
wherein they're going to.
review the final outcome.
That's the end of the review mechanism.
Beautiful. Fantastic.
Wonderful. Okay. Yes, go ahead. Go ahead.
Yeah.
Question. Yes,
after they receive the final review
outcome,
are they going to submit their payment
details again?
Yes, if a payment has been identified,
yes.
Yeah, okay, so...
Yeah, yeah, so I need to loop back around.
Ohh.
We can't use the payment detail they
already submitted the first time?
Or is this just more of a confirmation
that they have?
We wanted to avoid having to...
Great weather.
having to keep those records and refer
back to them.
So for an ease of reference and because
the data in the payment details portal is
Yeah, I see.
not persistent, we didn't want to,
we just want to make them do it every
time. Although that was clearer.
I don't know if that's changed now that
we're using QUT authentication.
I don't know if it's saying that for us
to keep or not. Okay.
Yeah, they said that they had changed,
but Cici, that could be up to you.
Come, come.
Pay.
If you think that is not too much
technical debt for you to keep record,
I think we can keep the record.
if the...
So,
you will have to you will have to keep
Yeah.
the record and put a rule in there that
identifies they already in the system
they need to be passed on,
so it's up to you.
So what if there's a situation,
because say this review mechanism takes
30 days,
there's a situation where somebody's
details have changed and they want to do
it at different details.
Yeah,
so it's easier to just ask them every
time.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
I mean,
from a whatever is cheaper and quicker,
but I do think from a cleanliness
perspective,
it's better just to ask them every time.
Yeah,
and then we will just have to add a field
But...
to define if the payment process or the
payment detail is attached to the first
outcome or the second review outcome.
The other thing is,
if we don't ask for it every time,
you've got a situation where someone
can't remember what they put in,
and then you've got to say, oh,
was this the correct one? And they go,
Yeah.
well, it's heavily redacted.
I can't really tell.
Yeah, yeah,
so we'll just make them go through it
every time. Ask.
So I'll add this payment process at the
end as well, just to be consistent.
Yeah.
Yeah. And again, only for former staff.
Well,
only former staff need to access that.
We'll still need to pay current staff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We just won't need to collect their
details.
So when the current staff goes through
the review mechanism process,
Mhm.
How do you get them to acknowledge they
agree with the final review outcome?
Or is it just they've received this and
that's good enough?
Pay.
Unless they query it, it's good enough.
Yeah,
we just pay them and if they submit a
review mechanism request,
that's them saying that they're unhappy
with it. Otherwise,
we issue it's they're happy and we
proceed.
Yeah, okay, so for the formal staff,
we'll ask them to go through a payment
process again and then current staff will
just, yeah.
And that's their acceptance.
Turns off again.
Yeah, nice.
Some of these reviews may have no payment
process. Is that right?
So it's either is there a payment due or
not? Yes. No. Oh, good point. Good point.
Sorry, Andrew.
Yeah, sorry. Yeah, go ahead.
No, so similar to before,
if there's some of them might not have an
outcome that requires payment,
so that would just go to end.
But if they did require payment,
they would go through the payment process
and then to end.
So you want me to put a decision box
there, right?
Yes, please. Yes, please. Thank you.
Yeah.
So, what's the decision?
Is payment detail update needed?
So, if...
If a if a further underpayment is
identified.
So some people might go through the
review mechanism and no further
underpayments identified.
I would just change it to further
underpayment identified and then that can
be a yes or no.
Yeah.
So if no,
go straight through to the end and if yes,
go to the payment process.
Beautiful.
Not actually beautiful,
but I'm just trying to make it.
Hey, it's beautiful for now, it's fun.
Yeah.
All right, so yeah,
so I think that's a decision box we
needed. That's fine.
So if it's if further further
underpayment is identified,
then it goes to the payment process.
If no, then directly goes to the end.
Perfect. OK, I think Rafa,
I'll give you the edit link.
Sorry about that.
I'll just put it in the chat.
All good, that can happen later,
don't worry.
Yeah, I just saw your e-mail.
Yeah.
Yeah, the link that I...
In case I can help while you're doing
this interactively, you know.
That's so sweet. Okay,
so if we don't have any questions related
Yeah.
to the review mechanism,
I'm happy to move on to the payment
execution and reporting process. Okay,
cool, cool.
Yeah, yeah.
So the last process is payment detail
process.
Okay,
so we only have two actors in this
process, former staff and system.
So this is the third process in the in
Sorry, sorry, I'll just stop you there,
Maduri.
the.
We'll just change that to former staff,
not current and former is the actor title.
Yeah.
Oop, yeah.
It's only for my stuff, right?
So do I have to change it in any other
Yeah.
process which we have discussed previous?
No, in all the user stories,
it says former.
Yeah, is that what you mean?
Just in the payment stuff is former,
Oh, okay.
Just for the payments.
otherwise in the other process is current,
yeah.
Just for the payment. Okay.
So the payment process kicks in only once
the outcome is final,
either because the review has completed
or because no review was raised.
So the purpose of this process is
Mhm.
execution and closure.
If an underpayment is confirmed,
Mhm.
it securely collects the payment detail,
processes the payment,
Mhm.
and then applies the necessary governance
controls like
notification,
audit trails and record locking and
retention, etc.
The process is largely system driven
because you can see there are only two
actors here and it's a terminal in nature.
Mm.
There are no further decision making here.
The focus is on accuracy, compliance,
ensuring each case is properly closed and
report.
reportable once the remediation has been
completed and ruled out.
So that's the outcome that we are seeking
in this process. Now,
Mhm.
quickly walking you through the process.
So former staff is going to authenticate
and review the final outcome that
happened previously,
and if the underpayment is confirmed.
The staff is going to select the payment
detail, enter the banking details,
enter tax details and superannuation
details as well,
and then they submit the payment details.
They review their detail and then submit
Mm.
Mhm.
the payment detail.
Then the system is going to validate
Mhm.
their payment detail,
store the payment request.
It also generates the payment file,
sends the payment file,
Mhm.
receives the payment outcome,
and if the payment is successful,
Mhm.
then obviously the audit trail is going
to update it.
It locks the entire case and the record,
and it also applies the retention rule.
Yes.
Yes.
Mhm.
When we say send payment file and receive
payment outcome,
is it an integration in place there?
So, where are, where is it sending?
We left that up to you back then.
Alright, no.
So,
when we when we discussed with you guys
at the beginning,
just sent us a few details telling us
about cost and that,
so we were deciding whether or not is
that going to be something that happens
automatically or somebody comes in here,
downloads the file,
and uploads it into KPMG. So,
it's for KPMG, basically,
for whatever system we're going to be
using for the payment.
So.
I think the requirements were written in
a way that...
It's probably also we haven't.
Yeah,
we haven't landed on which payment system
we are going to use yet.
So that is probably why we can't bottom
Okay.
out exactly what the best approach is
there. The one thing I will say, Madura,
is that the intention is to have it
automated. If possible. If possible.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
The ideal.
Andrew.
What about these retention rules?
What do we actually mean by that?
Mm.
Education.
Is that how long we keep the?
I think that's our attention.
Yeah,
that's what we were saying that we didn't
want to keep payment details loading in
the system for...
Um...
I...
In periods of time,
so it was all just privacy and taking
that off when it was no longer needed.
Oh, okay.
We need to say payment has been made.
With the logs already captured that, Cici,
could we?
Yeah,
do you need to take an export of that for
Yeah.
auditing purposes?
I think we did talk about...
Or is it already on?
Is that they retain the audit trail?
Is that that's the audit part?
Potential rules.
We can take that offline and have a look
But what I've done in the past is
basically log in the system a record to
at that one.
Oh yeah.
say that we've attempted to make a
payment to the details received and
Mhm.
whether or not you want to retain part of
that, those details in that log.
Because you won't know
I think we do want to keep a record of
that. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. So on a particular day,
you've tried to make a payment to these
details and maybe that could just be a
log.
FS.
You won't know whether or not it's
successful for some time.
You might never know.
It's sort of an assumption that it's
successful if it hasn't come back. So,
but I think you'll need something to
Yeah, sure.
to mark when it comes back.
So if we're helping you to do the
Yeah.
payments,
we'll work out in maybe a week to allow
for overseas payments if you're doing any
of those for all the bounce backs to be
processed and then we can feed back to
you which ones have bounced.
And those are the records that probably
needs to be marked for the payment.
Was unsuccessful,
you need to use this again to update your.
I believe we captured that in the record
views and in the reporting views that we
want the timestamp of what the attempt
was happened, what was taking place.
Yeah.
Mm.
So we can double check,
but I'm pretty sure we put it there,
Rachel,
we did put in the requirements that we
have the reporting of the timestamp of
when the payment was successful and when
it was unsuccessful. So
Yes.
Mm.
We can double cheque anyway, but yeah,
we definitely want the timestamp that the
event took place. One question there too,
we have the payment successful decision
Yeah, whoa.
point. When you say no,
it wasn't successful,
the person is sent to the select payment
details model. In the past,
we discussed that you were able to
identify what of the three things were
not successful and therefore send the
user
back to the specific form,
where I don't know if bank details,
Yeah.
Nic.
tax or super instead of sending them to
the entire thing again.
Is that still the case? Well,
the state diagram is like that and the
Yeah, yeah.
requirements are like that,
but you tell us.
Yeah, yeah, we'll still do that.
I think it was just a bit hard to write
Yeah, I.
No, that's fine.
You just just group them as a big process,
it.
open subprocess,
and then you just control like I did in
the state there,
but this is the same thing,
so just if you leave it there,
it is assumed when he's explaining the
He.
requirements anyway.
Yeah,
so basically when the payment is not
successful,
it will identify if it's the banking,
Yes.
the tax or the superannuation that needs
to be redone. So to represent the...
I also don't know whether you want to
capture that at this level, Maduri,
is the banking tax and super,
not every underpayment will have a super
contribution. So that's not necessarily,
I don't know whether there's a certain
Mhm.
way, if you do want to capture that,
but it doesn't necessarily have to go.
Gu.
So, I'll say optional.
Yeah.
Yeah,
we'll still call it super details as the
page, but on it they just select that.
They will use the uni's default super.
And that's the, was it not?
No, no, no,
this is for some payments themselves
No.
Oh, okay,
so we're not asking for super for those
won't have a super contribution.
Yeah.
Correct.
payments. Okay.
So I'll,
we will provide those fields for them to
enter, but it won't be mandatory.
Remaining ones will be mandatory.
So that's why I've captured it as
optional. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
And.
Yep, great.
Might be better if we can to hide the
super lines if there is no super that's
payable.
So, some payments.
Okay.
Because yeah,
because there's certain requirements
Yeah,
we don't want to collect it unless we
around collecting tax details. Yeah, yeah.
have to.
Yeah, so...
People see it and fill it in,
even if they don't need to.
Mm.
And this is...
Case by case.
Yes, unfortunately.
Yeah, that's okay. We can deal with that.
So for those...
I think we'll capture that in the user
story, Cici.
Yeah, that will.
Any other questions before I start
discussing the user story?
Yeah.
No, I think that's good.
I think that's good. Yeah.
Okay.
Perfect.
Cici, Nic,
are you guys okay if I move on to the
user story discussion?
Yeah.
Okay.
Cool, so.
I think we've already discussed and
summarised what review mechanism process
is.
So right now what we're going to do is
we're going to validate this user story.
Mainly we're going to validate how this
review mechanism process is captured as
case based.
There is a controlled rework loop and
there is a clear boundary between when
the...
payment is needed and when not. And also,
user story should capture all the
Yeah.
reporting and auditing obligations as
well. And if something is very ambiguous,
we'll just pause and just tell us to
update or change,
we should be able to do that as well.
Yeah.
Did you want to do it in the Word
document?
Majority still doesn't have access to it.
Is that better?
Well,
I don't have access to the Word document.
Oh no!
Haigh.
That's why I started using the PDF.
I'll send.
Yeah, so I had to take an export for...
I'm just.
Oh no,
have you made notes in the imagery or did
you want to have you made notes in this
one?
I have my questions in the in a Excel
sheet written in a another document.
Okay, let me send you the worst. Oh, yeah,
Kate is all over it,
because that way you can just make your
notes straight in it.
Okay.
If that's helpful.
Yeah, sure.
So...
Cici,
can you send me the link of that talk?
Yeah, I'll send that link again.
You should hopefully have access to those
documents now.
There should be five of them.
e-mail the link to the document. Yeah.
Yeah,
I have to received an e-mail just now
from Katie. Let me try accessing.
Yeah, can we add Nic to it as well?
Where are you at?
Yeah,
do you mind putting Nic e-mail in the
chat? Sorry, I can't find it anywhere.
Second.
Yeah, all good. Nic,
can you just send an e-mail through the
Yeah.
chat?
Thank you.
It's asking me to enter a code.
Where can I find that code?
That's a good question. Well,
which document are you trying to access
first?
Review mechanism.
Yeah.
Perhaps we'll take a 10 minute,
15 minute break while Katie and Maduri
Yeah.
work this out and then we'll come back at
2.30.
Yep, that's a good idea.
That sounds good.
Yeah, we can start at 2:30. Yep.
Yeah, we'll start back at 2.30.
Should we pause the? Yeah, OK. Thank you.
Trying to pause it.
Pause the recording.
Is that what I need to do? I don't know.
We can just turn off our cameras and mics.
Yeah, let's just do that.
What time did you say we will be back?
Enough.